plugins/jira/README.md, before:

Jira Plugin 
===========

Creates a task in Jira and adds the Jira Task attribute in alarm. The created attribute is a link to the Jira task and opens in a new tab.


Installation
------------

Clone the GitHub repo and run:

    $ python setup.py install

Or, to install remotely from GitHub run:

    $ pip install git+https://github.com/alerta/alerta-contrib.git#subdirectory=plugins/jira

Note: If Alerta is installed in a python virtual environment then plugins
need to be installed into the same environment for Alerta to dynamically
discover them.

Configuration
-------------

Add `jira` to the list of enabled `PLUGINS` in `alertad.conf` server
configuration file and set plugin-specific variables either in the
server configuration file or as environment variables.

```python
PLUGINS = ['jira']
JIRA_PROJECT = '' #project name in jira
JIRA_URL = ''     #url access to the jira 
JIRA_USER = ''    #defined to the according to the jira access data
JIRA_PASS = ''    #defined to the according to the jira access data
```

Troubleshooting
---------------

Restart Alerta API and confirm that the plugin has been loaded and enabled.

Set `DEBUG=True` in the `alertad.conf` configuration file and look for log
entries similar to below:

```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2021-04-28 13:43:43,185 alerta.plugins[35]: [DEBUG] Server plugin 'jira' found. [in /venv/lib/python3.7/site-packages/alerta/utils/plugin.py:34]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2021-04-28 13:43:43,707 alerta.plugins[35]: [INFO] Server plugin 'jira' loaded. [in /venv/lib/python3.7/site-packages/alerta/utils/plugin.py:42]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2021-04-28 13:43:43,707 alerta.plugins[35]: [INFO] All server plugins enabled: reject, heartbeat, blackout, telegram, logstash, jira [in /venv/lib/python3.7/site-packages/alerta/utils/plugin.py:45]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2021-04-28 13:43:54,540 alerta.plugins.jira[50]: [INFO] Jira: Received an alert request_id=dbf9e6a1-2c65-4284-887f-792873981c49 ip=10.100.100.239
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2021-04-28 13:43:54,541 alerta.plugins.jira[50]: [INFO] JIRA: Create task ... request_id=dbf9e6a1-2c65-4284-887f-792873981c49 ip=10.100.100.239
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

```

References
----------

  * Jira REST API: https://blog.developer.atlassian.com/creating-a-jira-cloud-issue-in-a-single-rest-call/



Copyright (c) 2021 Alexandre Azedo.

Commit message:

Add ACTION_ONLY option to Jira plugin

plugins/jira/README.md, after:

Jira Plugin 
===========

Creates a task in Jira and adds the Jira Task attribute in alarm. The created attribute is a link to the Jira task and opens in a new tab.


Installation
------------

Clone the GitHub repo and run:

    $ python setup.py install

Or, to install remotely from GitHub run:

    $ pip install git+https://github.com/alerta/alerta-contrib.git#subdirectory=plugins/jira

Note: If Alerta is installed in a python virtual environment then plugins
need to be installed into the same environment for Alerta to dynamically
discover them.

Configuration
-------------

Add `jira` to the list of enabled `PLUGINS` in `alertad.conf` server
configuration file and set plugin-specific variables either in the
server configuration file or as environment variables.

```python
PLUGINS = ['jira']
JIRA_PROJECT = ''         #project name in jira
JIRA_URL = ''             #url access to the jira 
JIRA_ACTION_ONLY = False  #allows alerts to be sent individually
JIRA_USER = ''            #defined according to the jira access data
JIRA_PASS = ''            #defined according to the jira access data
```

Action-Only Option
------------------
If `JIRA_ACTION_ONLY` is set to True (default is False), automatic sending of open alerts to Jira is disabled. Instead, add `jira` to the list of `ACTIONS` in alertad.conf (see [https://docs.alerta.io/configuration.html](https://docs.alerta.io/configuration.html?#web-ui-settings)). This will add an action button on each alert to manually forward it to Jira.

Troubleshooting
---------------

Restart Alerta API and confirm that the plugin has been loaded and enabled.

Set `DEBUG=True` in the `alertad.conf` configuration file and look for log
entries similar to below:

```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2021-04-28 13:43:43,185 alerta.plugins[35]: [DEBUG] Server plugin 'jira' found. [in /venv/lib/python3.7/site-packages/alerta/utils/plugin.py:34]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2021-04-28 13:43:43,707 alerta.plugins[35]: [INFO] Server plugin 'jira' loaded. [in /venv/lib/python3.7/site-packages/alerta/utils/plugin.py:42]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2021-04-28 13:43:43,707 alerta.plugins[35]: [INFO] All server plugins enabled: reject, heartbeat, blackout, telegram, logstash, jira [in /venv/lib/python3.7/site-packages/alerta/utils/plugin.py:45]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2021-04-28 13:43:54,540 alerta.plugins.jira[50]: [INFO] Jira: Received an alert request_id=dbf9e6a1-2c65-4284-887f-792873981c49 ip=10.100.100.239
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2021-04-28 13:43:54,541 alerta.plugins.jira[50]: [INFO] JIRA: Create task ... request_id=dbf9e6a1-2c65-4284-887f-792873981c49 ip=10.100.100.239
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

```

References
----------

  * Jira REST API: https://blog.developer.atlassian.com/creating-a-jira-cloud-issue-in-a-single-rest-call/



Copyright (c) 2021 Alexandre Azedo.
