webhooks/sentry/README.md, before:

Sentry Webhook
==============

Receive [Sentry](https://sentry.io) exception notifications via webhook callbacks.

For help, join [![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/alerta/chat.png)](https://gitter.im/alerta/chat)

Installation
------------

Clone the GitHub repo and run:

    $ python setup.py install

Or, to install remotely from GitHub run:

    $ pip install git+https://github.com/alerta/alerta-contrib.git#subdirectory=webhooks/sentry

Note: If Alerta is installed in a python virtual environment then plugins
need to be installed into the same environment for Alerta to dynamically
discover them.

Configuration
-------------

The custom webhook will be auto-detected and added to the list of available API endpoints.

Add the Alerta API webhook URL in the Sentry Settings Webhooks section.

![Sentry Webhooks](./images/sentry-webhook.png)

Example Output
--------------

```
{
  "project": "alerta5",
  "project_name": "alerta5",
  "culprit": "raven.scripts.runner in main",
  "project_slug": "alerta5",
  "url": "https://sentry.io/alertaio/alerta5/issues/541485531/",
  "logger": null,
  "level": "error",
  "message": "This is an example Python exception",
  "id": "541485531",
  "event": {
    "received": 1525248430,
    "sentry.interfaces.User": {
      "username": "sentry",
      "id": "1",
      "ip_address": "127.0.0.1",
      "name": "Sentry",
      "email": "sentry@example.com"
    },
    "sentry.interfaces.Message": {
      "message": "This is an example Python exception"
    },
    "errors": [],
    "extra": {
      "emptyList": [],
      "unauthorized": false,
      "emptyMap": {},
      "url": "http://example.org/foo/bar/",
      "results": [
        1,
        2,
        3,
        4,
        5
      ],
      "length": 10837790,
      "session": {
        "foo": "bar"
      }
    },
    "event_id": "0476467adf8f499ea795a48fcc4bf290",
    "fingerprint": [
      "{{ default }}"
    ],
    "modules": {
      "my.package": "1.0.0"
    },
    "id": 19293981000,
    "sentry.interfaces.Http": {
      "cookies": [
        [
          "foo",
          "bar"
        ],
        [
          "biz",
          "baz"
        ]
      ],
      "url": "http://example.com/foo",
      "headers": [
        [
          "Content-Type",
          "application/json"
        ],
        [
          "Referer",
          "http://example.com"
        ],
        [
          "User-Agent",
          "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.2; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/28.0.1500.72 Safari/537.36"
        ]
      ],
      "env": {
        "ENV": "prod"
      },
      "query_string": "foo=bar",
      "data": {
        "hello": "world"
      },
      "method": "GET",
      "inferred_content_type": "application/json"
    },
    "sentry.interfaces.Template": {
      "abs_path": "/srv/example/templates/debug_toolbar/base.html",
      "pre_context": [
        "{% endif %}\n",
        "<script src=\"{% static 'debug_toolbar/js/toolbar.js' %}\"></script>\n",
        "<div id=\"djDebug\" hidden=\"hidden\" dir=\"ltr\"\n"
      ],
      "post_context": [
        "     {{ toolbar.config.ROOT_TAG_EXTRA_ATTRS|safe }}>\n",
        "\t<div hidden=\"hidden\" id=\"djDebugToolbar\">\n",
        "\t\t<ul id=\"djDebugPanelList\">\n"
      ],
      "filename": "debug_toolbar/base.html",
      "lineno": 14,
      "context_line": "     data-store-id=\"{{ toolbar.store_id }}\" data-render-panel-url=\"{% url 'djdt:render_panel' %}\"\n"
    },
    "version": "5",
    "_ref_version": 2,
    "_ref": 153768,
    "type": "default",
    "sentry.interfaces.Stacktrace": {
      "frames": [
        {
          "function": "build_msg",
          "abs_path": "/home/ubuntu/.virtualenvs/getsentry/src/raven/raven/base.py",
          "pre_context": [
            "                frames = stack",
            "",
            "            data.update({",
            "                'sentry.interfaces.Stacktrace': {",
            "                    'frames': get_stack_info(frames,"
          ],
          "vars": {
            "'frames'": "<generator object iter_stack_frames at 0x107bcc3c0>",
            "'culprit'": null,
            "'event_type'": "'raven.events.Message'",
            "'handler'": "<raven.events.Message object at 0x107bd0890>",
            "'date'": "datetime.datetime(2013, 8, 13, 3, 8, 24, 880386)",
            "'extra'": {
              "'go_deeper'": [
                [
                  {
                    "'bar'": [
                      "'baz'"
                    ],
                    "'foo'": "'bar'"
                  }
                ]
              ],
              "'user'": "'dcramer'",
              "'loadavg'": [
                0.37255859375,
                0.5341796875,
                0.62939453125
              ]
            },
            "'v'": {
              "'message'": "u'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
              "'params'": []
            },
            "'stack'": true,
            "'event_id'": "'54a322436e1b47b88e239b78998ae742'",
            "'tags'": null,
            "'time_spent'": null,
            "'self'": "<raven.base.Client object at 0x107bb8210>",
            "'data'": {
              "'sentry.interfaces.Message'": {
                "'message'": "u'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
                "'params'": []
              },
              "'message'": "u'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'"
            },
            "'result'": {
              "'sentry.interfaces.Message'": {
                "'message'": "u'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
                "'params'": []
              },
              "'message'": "u'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'"
            },
            "'kwargs'": {
              "'message'": "'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
              "'level'": 20
            },
            "'k'": "'sentry.interfaces.Message'",
            "'public_key'": null
          },
          "post_context": [
            "                },",
            "            })",
            "",
            "        if 'sentry.interfaces.Stacktrace' in data:",
            "            if self.include_paths:"
          ],
          "filename": "raven/base.py",
          "module": "raven.base",
          "in_app": false,
          "context_line": "                        transformer=self.transform)",
          "lineno": 303
        },
        {
          "function": "capture",
          "abs_path": "/home/ubuntu/.virtualenvs/getsentry/src/raven/raven/base.py",
          "pre_context": [
            "        if not self.is_enabled():",
            "            return",
            "",
            "        data = self.build_msg(",
            "            event_type, data, date, time_spent, extra, stack, tags=tags,"
          ],
          "vars": {
            "'event_type'": "'raven.events.Message'",
            "'date'": null,
            "'extra'": {
              "'go_deeper'": [
                [
                  {
                    "'bar'": [
                      "'baz'"
                    ],
                    "'foo'": "'bar'"
                  }
                ]
              ],
              "'user'": "'dcramer'",
              "'loadavg'": [
                0.37255859375,
                0.5341796875,
                0.62939453125
              ]
            },
            "'stack'": true,
            "'tags'": null,
            "'time_spent'": null,
            "'self'": "<raven.base.Client object at 0x107bb8210>",
            "'data'": null,
            "'kwargs'": {
              "'message'": "'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
              "'level'": 20
            }
          },
          "post_context": [
            "",
            "        self.send(**data)",
            "",
            "        return (data.get('event_id'),)",
            ""
          ],
          "filename": "raven/base.py",
          "module": "raven.base",
          "in_app": false,
          "context_line": "            **kwargs)",
          "lineno": 459
        },
        {
          "function": "captureMessage",
          "abs_path": "/home/ubuntu/.virtualenvs/getsentry/src/raven/raven/base.py",
          "pre_context": [
            "        \"\"\"",
            "        Creates an event from ``message``.",
            "",
            "        >>> client.captureMessage('My event just happened!')",
            "        \"\"\""
          ],
          "vars": {
            "'message'": "'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
            "'kwargs'": {
              "'extra'": {
                "'go_deeper'": [
                  [
                    {
                      "'bar'": [
                        "'baz'"
                      ],
                      "'foo'": "'bar'"
                    }
                  ]
                ],
                "'user'": "'dcramer'",
                "'loadavg'": [
                  0.37255859375,
                  0.5341796875,
                  0.62939453125
                ]
              },
              "'tags'": null,
              "'data'": null,
              "'level'": 20,
              "'stack'": true
            },
            "'self'": "<raven.base.Client object at 0x107bb8210>"
          },
          "post_context": [
            "",
            "    def captureException(self, exc_info=None, **kwargs):",
            "        \"\"\"",
            "        Creates an event from an exception.",
            ""
          ],
          "filename": "raven/base.py",
          "module": "raven.base",
          "in_app": false,
          "context_line": "        return self.capture('raven.events.Message', message=message, **kwargs)",
          "lineno": 577
        },
        {
          "function": "send_test_message",
          "abs_path": "/home/ubuntu/.virtualenvs/getsentry/src/raven/raven/scripts/runner.py",
          "pre_context": [
            "        level=logging.INFO,",
            "        stack=True,",
            "        tags=options.get('tags', {}),",
            "        extra={",
            "            'user': get_uid(),"
          ],
          "vars": {
            "'client'": "<raven.base.Client object at 0x107bb8210>",
            "'options'": {
              "'tags'": null,
              "'data'": null
            },
            "'data'": null,
            "'k'": "'secret_key'"
          },
          "post_context": [
            "        },",
            "    ))",
            "",
            "    if client.state.did_fail():",
            "        print('error!')"
          ],
          "filename": "raven/scripts/runner.py",
          "module": "raven.scripts.runner",
          "in_app": false,
          "context_line": "            'loadavg': get_loadavg(),",
          "lineno": 77
        },
        {
          "function": "main",
          "abs_path": "/home/ubuntu/.virtualenvs/getsentry/src/raven/raven/scripts/runner.py",
          "pre_context": [
            "    print(\"Using DSN configuration:\")",
            "    print(\" \", dsn)",
            "    print()",
            "",
            "    client = Client(dsn, include_paths=['raven'])"
          ],
          "vars": {
            "'root'": "<logging.Logger object at 0x107ba5b10>",
            "'parser'": "<optparse.OptionParser instance at 0x107ba3368>",
            "'dsn'": "'https://ebc35f33e151401f9deac549978bda11:f3403f81e12e4c24942d505f086b2cad@sentry.io/1'",
            "'opts'": "<Values at 0x107ba3b00: {'data': None, 'tags': None}>",
            "'client'": "<raven.base.Client object at 0x107bb8210>",
            "'args'": [
              "'test'",
              "'https://ebc35f33e151401f9deac549978bda11:f3403f81e12e4c24942d505f086b2cad@sentry.io/1'"
            ]
          },
          "module": "raven.scripts.runner",
          "filename": "raven/scripts/runner.py",
          "lineno": 112,
          "in_app": false,
          "context_line": "    send_test_message(client, opts.__dict__)"
        }
      ]
    },
    "tags": [
      [
        "browser",
        "Chrome 28.0"
      ],
      [
        "device",
        "Other"
      ],
      [
        "level",
        "error"
      ],
      [
        "os",
        "Windows 8"
      ],
      [
        "sentry:user",
        "id:1"
      ],
      [
        "url",
        "http://example.com/foo"
      ]
    ],
    "metadata": {
      "title": "This is an example Python exception"
    }
  }
}
```

References
----------

  * Sentry Notifications: https://docs.sentry.io/learn/notifications/

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2018 Nick Satterly. Available under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Add Sentry version 9 webhook support (#306)
* Add support for Sentry version 9 callbacks (#281)
Add test for Sentry version 9 callback

* Rollback on some changes in the README.md file

* Add check on environment value for payload before Sentry version 9

Co-authored-by: Nick Satterly <nfsatterly@gmail.com>

webhooks/sentry/README.md, after:

Sentry Webhook
==============

Receive [Sentry](https://sentry.io) exception notifications via webhook callbacks.

For help, join [![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/alerta/chat.png)](https://gitter.im/alerta/chat)

Sentry callback version support
-------------------------------

Sentry callbacks from version 8 and 9 are supported.

Installation
------------

Clone the GitHub repo and run:

    $ python setup.py install

Or, to install remotely from GitHub run:

    $ pip install git+https://github.com/alerta/alerta-contrib.git#subdirectory=webhooks/sentry

Note: If Alerta is installed in a python virtual environment then plugins
need to be installed into the same environment for Alerta to dynamically
discover them.

Configuration
-------------

The custom webhook will be auto-detected and added to the list of available API endpoints.

Add the Alerta API webhook URL in the Sentry Settings Webhooks section.

![Sentry Webhooks](./images/sentry-webhook.png)

Example Output
--------------

```
{
  "project": "alerta5",
  "project_name": "alerta5",
  "culprit": "raven.scripts.runner in main",
  "project_slug": "alerta5",
  "url": "https://sentry.io/alertaio/alerta5/issues/541485531/",
  "logger": null,
  "level": "error",
  "message": "This is an example Python exception",
  "id": "541485531",
  "event": {
    "received": 1525248430,
    "sentry.interfaces.User": {
      "username": "sentry",
      "id": "1",
      "ip_address": "127.0.0.1",
      "name": "Sentry",
      "email": "sentry@example.com"
    },
    "sentry.interfaces.Message": {
      "message": "This is an example Python exception"
    },
    "errors": [],
    "extra": {
      "emptyList": [],
      "unauthorized": false,
      "emptyMap": {},
      "url": "http://example.org/foo/bar/",
      "results": [
        1,
        2,
        3,
        4,
        5
      ],
      "length": 10837790,
      "session": {
        "foo": "bar"
      }
    },
    "event_id": "0476467adf8f499ea795a48fcc4bf290",
    "fingerprint": [
      "{{ default }}"
    ],
    "modules": {
      "my.package": "1.0.0"
    },
    "id": 19293981000,
    "sentry.interfaces.Http": {
      "cookies": [
        [
          "foo",
          "bar"
        ],
        [
          "biz",
          "baz"
        ]
      ],
      "url": "http://example.com/foo",
      "headers": [
        [
          "Content-Type",
          "application/json"
        ],
        [
          "Referer",
          "http://example.com"
        ],
        [
          "User-Agent",
          "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.2; WOW64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/28.0.1500.72 Safari/537.36"
        ]
      ],
      "env": {
        "ENV": "prod"
      },
      "query_string": "foo=bar",
      "data": {
        "hello": "world"
      },
      "method": "GET",
      "inferred_content_type": "application/json"
    },
    "sentry.interfaces.Template": {
      "abs_path": "/srv/example/templates/debug_toolbar/base.html",
      "pre_context": [
        "{% endif %}\n",
        "<script src=\"{% static 'debug_toolbar/js/toolbar.js' %}\"></script>\n",
        "<div id=\"djDebug\" hidden=\"hidden\" dir=\"ltr\"\n"
      ],
      "post_context": [
        "     {{ toolbar.config.ROOT_TAG_EXTRA_ATTRS|safe }}>\n",
        "\t<div hidden=\"hidden\" id=\"djDebugToolbar\">\n",
        "\t\t<ul id=\"djDebugPanelList\">\n"
      ],
      "filename": "debug_toolbar/base.html",
      "lineno": 14,
      "context_line": "     data-store-id=\"{{ toolbar.store_id }}\" data-render-panel-url=\"{% url 'djdt:render_panel' %}\"\n"
    },
    "version": "5",
    "_ref_version": 2,
    "_ref": 153768,
    "type": "default",
    "sentry.interfaces.Stacktrace": {
      "frames": [
        {
          "function": "build_msg",
          "abs_path": "/home/ubuntu/.virtualenvs/getsentry/src/raven/raven/base.py",
          "pre_context": [
            "                frames = stack",
            "",
            "            data.update({",
            "                'sentry.interfaces.Stacktrace': {",
            "                    'frames': get_stack_info(frames,"
          ],
          "vars": {
            "'frames'": "<generator object iter_stack_frames at 0x107bcc3c0>",
            "'culprit'": null,
            "'event_type'": "'raven.events.Message'",
            "'handler'": "<raven.events.Message object at 0x107bd0890>",
            "'date'": "datetime.datetime(2013, 8, 13, 3, 8, 24, 880386)",
            "'extra'": {
              "'go_deeper'": [
                [
                  {
                    "'bar'": [
                      "'baz'"
                    ],
                    "'foo'": "'bar'"
                  }
                ]
              ],
              "'user'": "'dcramer'",
              "'loadavg'": [
                0.37255859375,
                0.5341796875,
                0.62939453125
              ]
            },
            "'v'": {
              "'message'": "u'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
              "'params'": []
            },
            "'stack'": true,
            "'event_id'": "'54a322436e1b47b88e239b78998ae742'",
            "'tags'": null,
            "'time_spent'": null,
            "'self'": "<raven.base.Client object at 0x107bb8210>",
            "'data'": {
              "'sentry.interfaces.Message'": {
                "'message'": "u'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
                "'params'": []
              },
              "'message'": "u'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'"
            },
            "'result'": {
              "'sentry.interfaces.Message'": {
                "'message'": "u'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
                "'params'": []
              },
              "'message'": "u'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'"
            },
            "'kwargs'": {
              "'message'": "'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
              "'level'": 20
            },
            "'k'": "'sentry.interfaces.Message'",
            "'public_key'": null
          },
          "post_context": [
            "                },",
            "            })",
            "",
            "        if 'sentry.interfaces.Stacktrace' in data:",
            "            if self.include_paths:"
          ],
          "filename": "raven/base.py",
          "module": "raven.base",
          "in_app": false,
          "context_line": "                        transformer=self.transform)",
          "lineno": 303
        },
        {
          "function": "capture",
          "abs_path": "/home/ubuntu/.virtualenvs/getsentry/src/raven/raven/base.py",
          "pre_context": [
            "        if not self.is_enabled():",
            "            return",
            "",
            "        data = self.build_msg(",
            "            event_type, data, date, time_spent, extra, stack, tags=tags,"
          ],
          "vars": {
            "'event_type'": "'raven.events.Message'",
            "'date'": null,
            "'extra'": {
              "'go_deeper'": [
                [
                  {
                    "'bar'": [
                      "'baz'"
                    ],
                    "'foo'": "'bar'"
                  }
                ]
              ],
              "'user'": "'dcramer'",
              "'loadavg'": [
                0.37255859375,
                0.5341796875,
                0.62939453125
              ]
            },
            "'stack'": true,
            "'tags'": null,
            "'time_spent'": null,
            "'self'": "<raven.base.Client object at 0x107bb8210>",
            "'data'": null,
            "'kwargs'": {
              "'message'": "'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
              "'level'": 20
            }
          },
          "post_context": [
            "",
            "        self.send(**data)",
            "",
            "        return (data.get('event_id'),)",
            ""
          ],
          "filename": "raven/base.py",
          "module": "raven.base",
          "in_app": false,
          "context_line": "            **kwargs)",
          "lineno": 459
        },
        {
          "function": "captureMessage",
          "abs_path": "/home/ubuntu/.virtualenvs/getsentry/src/raven/raven/base.py",
          "pre_context": [
            "        \"\"\"",
            "        Creates an event from ``message``.",
            "",
            "        >>> client.captureMessage('My event just happened!')",
            "        \"\"\""
          ],
          "vars": {
            "'message'": "'This is a test message generated using ``raven test``'",
            "'kwargs'": {
              "'extra'": {
                "'go_deeper'": [
                  [
                    {
                      "'bar'": [
                        "'baz'"
                      ],
                      "'foo'": "'bar'"
                    }
                  ]
                ],
                "'user'": "'dcramer'",
                "'loadavg'": [
                  0.37255859375,
                  0.5341796875,
                  0.62939453125
                ]
              },
              "'tags'": null,
              "'data'": null,
              "'level'": 20,
              "'stack'": true
            },
            "'self'": "<raven.base.Client object at 0x107bb8210>"
          },
          "post_context": [
            "",
            "    def captureException(self, exc_info=None, **kwargs):",
            "        \"\"\"",
            "        Creates an event from an exception.",
            ""
          ],
          "filename": "raven/base.py",
          "module": "raven.base",
          "in_app": false,
          "context_line": "        return self.capture('raven.events.Message', message=message, **kwargs)",
          "lineno": 577
        },
        {
          "function": "send_test_message",
          "abs_path": "/home/ubuntu/.virtualenvs/getsentry/src/raven/raven/scripts/runner.py",
          "pre_context": [
            "        level=logging.INFO,",
            "        stack=True,",
            "        tags=options.get('tags', {}),",
            "        extra={",
            "            'user': get_uid(),"
          ],
          "vars": {
            "'client'": "<raven.base.Client object at 0x107bb8210>",
            "'options'": {
              "'tags'": null,
              "'data'": null
            },
            "'data'": null,
            "'k'": "'secret_key'"
          },
          "post_context": [
            "        },",
            "    ))",
            "",
            "    if client.state.did_fail():",
            "        print('error!')"
          ],
          "filename": "raven/scripts/runner.py",
          "module": "raven.scripts.runner",
          "in_app": false,
          "context_line": "            'loadavg': get_loadavg(),",
          "lineno": 77
        },
        {
          "function": "main",
          "abs_path": "/home/ubuntu/.virtualenvs/getsentry/src/raven/raven/scripts/runner.py",
          "pre_context": [
            "    print(\"Using DSN configuration:\")",
            "    print(\" \", dsn)",
            "    print()",
            "",
            "    client = Client(dsn, include_paths=['raven'])"
          ],
          "vars": {
            "'root'": "<logging.Logger object at 0x107ba5b10>",
            "'parser'": "<optparse.OptionParser instance at 0x107ba3368>",
            "'dsn'": "'https://ebc35f33e151401f9deac549978bda11:f3403f81e12e4c24942d505f086b2cad@sentry.io/1'",
            "'opts'": "<Values at 0x107ba3b00: {'data': None, 'tags': None}>",
            "'client'": "<raven.base.Client object at 0x107bb8210>",
            "'args'": [
              "'test'",
              "'https://ebc35f33e151401f9deac549978bda11:f3403f81e12e4c24942d505f086b2cad@sentry.io/1'"
            ]
          },
          "module": "raven.scripts.runner",
          "filename": "raven/scripts/runner.py",
          "lineno": 112,
          "in_app": false,
          "context_line": "    send_test_message(client, opts.__dict__)"
        }
      ]
    },
    "tags": [
      [
        "browser",
        "Chrome 28.0"
      ],
      [
        "device",
        "Other"
      ],
      [
        "level",
        "error"
      ],
      [
        "os",
        "Windows 8"
      ],
      [
        "sentry:user",
        "id:1"
      ],
      [
        "url",
        "http://example.com/foo"
      ]
    ],
    "metadata": {
      "title": "This is an example Python exception"
    }
  }
}
```

References
----------

  * Sentry Notifications: https://docs.sentry.io/learn/notifications/

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2018 Nick Satterly. Available under the MIT License.
