plugins/prometheus/README.md, before:

Prometheus Alertmanager Plugin
==============================

Two-way integration with Prometheus which will silence alerts in
Alertmanager when alerts are ack'ed in the Alerta console and delete
silences if those alerts are manually re-opened.

For help, join [![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/alerta/chat.png)](https://gitter.im/alerta/chat)

Installation
------------

Clone the GitHub repo and run:

    $ python setup.py install

Or, to install remotely from GitHub run:

    $ pip install git+https://github.com/alerta/alerta-contrib.git#subdirectory=plugins/prometheus

Note: If Alerta is installed in a python virtual environment then plugins
need to be installed into the same environment for Alerta to dynamically
discover them.

Configuration
-------------

Add `prometheus` to the list of enabled `PLUGINS` in `alertad.conf`
server configuration file and set plugin-specific variables either in
the server configuration file or as environment variables.

```python
PLUGINS = ['prometheus']
```

The below settings are configured with reasonable defaults:

```python
ALERTMANAGER_API_URL = 'http://localhost:9093'
ALERTMANAGER_SILENCE_DAYS = 1
```

**Robust Perception Demo Example**

```python
PLUGINS = ['reject','prometheus']
ALERTMANAGER_API_URL = 'http://demo.robustperception.io:9093'  # default=http://localhost:9093
ALERTMANAGER_SILENCE_DAYS = 2  # default=1
```

Authentication
--------------

Prometheus Alertmanager [does not provide any form of authentication](https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/security/#authentication-authorization-and-encryption)
by default. For convenience, this plugin will support Basic Auth if it has
been configured (using a reverse proxy or otherwise). Any other form of
authentication will require development work by the user.

**Example of BasicAuth configuration**

```python
ALERTMANAGER_API_URL = 'http://localhost:9093'
ALERTMANAGER_USERNAME = 'promuser'
ALERTMANAGER_PASSWORD = 'prompass'
```

Troubleshooting
---------------

Restart Alerta API and confirm that the plugin has been loaded and enabled.

Set `DEBUG=True` in the `alertad.conf` configuration file and look for log
entries similar to below:

```
2016-11-20 23:02:40,623 - alerta.plugins[7394]: DEBUG - Server plug-in 'prometheus' found. [in /var/lib/.virtualenvs/alerta/lib/python2.7/site-packages/alerta_server-4.8.11-py2.7.egg/alerta/plugins/__init__.py:50]
2016-11-20 23:02:40,623 - alerta.plugins[7394]: DEBUG - Server plug-in 'prometheus' not enabled in 'PLUGINS'. [in /var/lib/.virtualenvs/alerta/lib/python2.7/site-packages/alerta_server-4.8.11-py2.7.egg/alerta/plugins/__init__.py:59]
```
```
2016-11-21 10:42:55,572 - alerta.plugins.prometheus[8268]: DEBUG - Alertmanager: Add silence for alertname=DiskFull instance=web01 [in build/bdist.macosx-10.12-x86_64/egg/alerta_prometheus.py:35]
2016-11-21 10:42:55,582 - requests.packages.urllib3.connectionpool[8268]: INFO - Starting new HTTP connection (1): demo.robustperception.io [in /var/lib/.virtualenvs/alerta/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests-2.11.1-py2.7.egg/requests/packages/urllib3/connectionpool.py:214]
2016-11-21 10:42:55,677 - requests.packages.urllib3.connectionpool[8268]: DEBUG - "POST /api/v1/silences HTTP/1.1" 200 44 [in /var/lib/.virtualenvs/alerta/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests-2.11.1-py2.7.egg/requests/packages/urllib3/connectionpool.py:401]
2016-11-21 10:42:55,711 - alerta.plugins.prometheus[8268]: DEBUG - Alertmanager: 200 - {"status":"success","data":{"silenceId":29}} [in build/bdist.macosx-10.12-x86_64/egg/alerta_prometheus.py:59]
2016-11-21 10:42:55,715 - alerta.plugins.prometheus[8268]: DEBUG - Alertmanager: Added silenceId 29 to attributes [in build/bdist.macosx-10.12-x86_64/egg/alerta_prometheus.py:67]
```

References
----------

  * Alertmanager Silences: https://prometheus.io/docs/alerting/alertmanager/#silences
  * Robust Perception On-line Demo: http://demo.robustperception.io:9090/consoles/index.html

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2016 Nick Satterly. Available under the MIT License.

Commit message:

allow inheritance of ack timeout for alertmanager (#283)

plugins/prometheus/README.md, after:

Prometheus Alertmanager Plugin
==============================

Two-way integration with Prometheus which will silence alerts in
Alertmanager when alerts are ack'ed in the Alerta console and delete
silences if those alerts are manually re-opened.

For help, join [![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/alerta/chat.png)](https://gitter.im/alerta/chat)

Installation
------------

Clone the GitHub repo and run:

    $ python setup.py install

Or, to install remotely from GitHub run:

    $ pip install git+https://github.com/alerta/alerta-contrib.git#subdirectory=plugins/prometheus

Note: If Alerta is installed in a python virtual environment then plugins
need to be installed into the same environment for Alerta to dynamically
discover them.

Configuration
-------------

Add `prometheus` to the list of enabled `PLUGINS` in `alertad.conf`
server configuration file and set plugin-specific variables either in
the server configuration file or as environment variables.

```python
PLUGINS = ['prometheus']
```

The below settings are configured with reasonable defaults:

```python
ALERTMANAGER_API_URL = 'http://localhost:9093'
ALERTMANAGER_SILENCE_DAYS = 1
```

Or, if you want to inherit silence timeout from ack timeout:

```python
ALERTMANAGER_API_URL = 'http://localhost:9093'
ALERTMANAGER_SILENCE_FROM_ACK = True
```

**Robust Perception Demo Example**

```python
PLUGINS = ['reject','prometheus']
ALERTMANAGER_API_URL = 'http://demo.robustperception.io:9093'  # default=http://localhost:9093
ALERTMANAGER_SILENCE_DAYS = 2  # default=1
```

Authentication
--------------

Prometheus Alertmanager [does not provide any form of authentication](https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/security/#authentication-authorization-and-encryption)
by default. For convenience, this plugin will support Basic Auth if it has
been configured (using a reverse proxy or otherwise). Any other form of
authentication will require development work by the user.

**Example of BasicAuth configuration**

```python
ALERTMANAGER_API_URL = 'http://localhost:9093'
ALERTMANAGER_USERNAME = 'promuser'
ALERTMANAGER_PASSWORD = 'prompass'
```

Troubleshooting
---------------

Restart Alerta API and confirm that the plugin has been loaded and enabled.

Set `DEBUG=True` in the `alertad.conf` configuration file and look for log
entries similar to below:

```
2016-11-20 23:02:40,623 - alerta.plugins[7394]: DEBUG - Server plug-in 'prometheus' found. [in /var/lib/.virtualenvs/alerta/lib/python2.7/site-packages/alerta_server-4.8.11-py2.7.egg/alerta/plugins/__init__.py:50]
2016-11-20 23:02:40,623 - alerta.plugins[7394]: DEBUG - Server plug-in 'prometheus' not enabled in 'PLUGINS'. [in /var/lib/.virtualenvs/alerta/lib/python2.7/site-packages/alerta_server-4.8.11-py2.7.egg/alerta/plugins/__init__.py:59]
```
```
2016-11-21 10:42:55,572 - alerta.plugins.prometheus[8268]: DEBUG - Alertmanager: Add silence for alertname=DiskFull instance=web01 [in build/bdist.macosx-10.12-x86_64/egg/alerta_prometheus.py:35]
2016-11-21 10:42:55,582 - requests.packages.urllib3.connectionpool[8268]: INFO - Starting new HTTP connection (1): demo.robustperception.io [in /var/lib/.virtualenvs/alerta/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests-2.11.1-py2.7.egg/requests/packages/urllib3/connectionpool.py:214]
2016-11-21 10:42:55,677 - requests.packages.urllib3.connectionpool[8268]: DEBUG - "POST /api/v1/silences HTTP/1.1" 200 44 [in /var/lib/.virtualenvs/alerta/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests-2.11.1-py2.7.egg/requests/packages/urllib3/connectionpool.py:401]
2016-11-21 10:42:55,711 - alerta.plugins.prometheus[8268]: DEBUG - Alertmanager: 200 - {"status":"success","data":{"silenceId":29}} [in build/bdist.macosx-10.12-x86_64/egg/alerta_prometheus.py:59]
2016-11-21 10:42:55,715 - alerta.plugins.prometheus[8268]: DEBUG - Alertmanager: Added silenceId 29 to attributes [in build/bdist.macosx-10.12-x86_64/egg/alerta_prometheus.py:67]
```

References
----------

  * Alertmanager Silences: https://prometheus.io/docs/alerting/alertmanager/#silences
  * Robust Perception On-line Demo: http://demo.robustperception.io:9090/consoles/index.html

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2016 Nick Satterly. Available under the MIT License.
